Ci ti refresh multiple tickets - DOC-3344, DOC-3343, DOC-3444, CI-8980 (#2692)
harness/developer-hub: docs/frequently-asked-questions/harness-faqs/security-testing-orchestration.md

### Can I use STO with custom or unsupported scanners? 

> Yes. STO supports a generic JSON format for ingesting results from custom or unsupported scanners. See [Ingest Scan Results into an STO Pipeline](/docs/security-testing-orchestration/use-sto/orchestrate-and-ingest/ingesting-issues-from-other-scanners.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. STO supports a generic JSON format for ingesting results from custom or unsupported scanners. Go to [Ingest Scan Results into an STO Pipeline](/docs/security-testing-orchestration/use-sto/orchestrate-and-ingest/ingesting-issues-from-other-scanners.md). 
```

Author: just link change.
